Update README.md (#2)
vippsas/vipps-design-guidelines: README.md

* Don't create your own logo or mark or alter them in any way.
* Don't display the Vipps logo or mark in a different or smaller size than the other payment options.

## Vipps custom QR code

> With an agreement with Vipps, it is possible to link directly to a merchan domain by scanning a merchant URL with the camera in the Vipps app. 

Reviewer: merchnanT

> With an agreement with Vipps, it is possible to link directly to a merchan domain by scanning a merchant URL with the camera in the Vipps app. 

Author: ```suggestion
With an agreement with Vipps, it is possible to link directly to a merchant domain by scanning a merchant URL with the camera in the Vipps app. 
```

### Vipps QR code frame
Always embed your QR codes pointing to you chosen URL inside a Vipps QR code frame. To improve your conversion rate, the frame and QR code should be placed somewhere natural and visible in the chosen purchase flow. 

> The QR code frame can be downloaded from  [insert link]

Author: ```suggestion
The QR code frame can be downloaded from  https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-design-guidelines/tree/master/vipps-qr
```

### Custom merchant QR code
Your QR code, embedded into a Vipps QR code frame must follow Vipps colour scheme. The eyeballs should be rounded. You may add your own logo in the center of the QR code. The URL in the QR code should not be too long, as it impedes readability.

> For an example, see [insert QR_code_instructions document]

Author: ```suggestion
For an example, see https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-design-guidelines/blob/master/vipps-qr/vipps_qr_code_instructions.pdf
```
